{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww8040\viewh12580\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 README.txt\
\
JBCA_glitch_catalogue:\
Copied and pasted directly from JBCA Glitch Catalogue. Title row not included in csv. Changed name of \'93AX_1838-0655\'94 to \'93J1838-0655\'94. Deleted 2 glitches of J1341-6220 on MJD 58178 and MJD 58214 since they occurred too close to one another for independent dF_F readings. Saved as .csv.\
\
Columns:\
0 \'97 Glitch number in catalogue\
1 \'97 Pulsar name\
2 \'97 Pulsar J-name\
3 \'97 n\'92th glitch for that pulsar\
4 \'97 MJD of glitch (days)\
5 \'97 Error in MJD of glitch (days, \'91X\'92 if no value)\
6 \'97 dF/F (10^-9, \'91X\'92 if no value)\
7 \'97 Error in dF/F (10^-9, \'91X\'92 if no value)\
8 \'97 dF1/F1 (10^-3, \'91X\'92 if no value)\
9 \'97 Error in dF1/F1 (10^-3, \'91X\'92 if no value)\
10 \'97 References\
\
\
ATNF_pulsar_data:\
Copied and pasted directly from ATNF Pulsar Catalogue (v1.70). Selected data: J-name, RAJD, DECJD, F0, F1, F2, BINARY, DIST. Title row not included in csv. Split into several columns using \'93Space\'94 delimiter. Some datapoints had a blank cell for the error on right ascension, declination or frequency, so some pulsars had less columns than anticipated. I shifted the data along to the right and added \'930\'94 to errors to make sure table was rectangular. Deleted any datapoints without a distance or frequency value (originally 3389 pulsars reduced down to 3274). This includes 4 glitching pulsars that are found on the ATNF Glitch Catalogue, which are J1522-5735, J1822-1604, J1844-0346 and J1906+0722 (they do not have a distance measurement). Deleted any columns of references (see ATNF Pulsar Catalogue to recover these references).\
\
Columns:\
0 \'97 Pulsar J-name\
1 \'97 Right ascension (J2000) in degrees\
2 \'97 Error in RA (on the final digits, 0 if no error)\
3 \'97 Declination (J2000) in degrees\
4 \'97 Error in declination (on the final digits, 0 if no error)\
5 \'97 Frequency (Hz)\
6 \'97 Error in frequency (on the final digits, 0 if no error)\
7 \'97 Frequency derivative (Hz s^-1, \'91*\'92 if no value)\
8 \'97 Error in frequency derivative (on the final digits, 0 if no error)\
9 \'97 Frequency double derivative (Hz s^-2, \'91*\'92 if no value)\
10 \'97 Error in frequency double derivative (on the final digits, 0 if no error)\
11 \'97 Binary model (ELL1/BT/DD/etc, \'91*\'92 if not a binary)\
12 \'97 Distance (kpc)\
\
\
ATNF_glitch_catalogue:\
Copied and pasted directly from ATNF Glitch Catalogue. Title row not included in csv. Some glitches have multiple glitch recoveries, and if so, they are labelled without the pulsar name underneath the component with the shortest recovery. I copied the name, MJD and glitch details to each component. Deleted any glitches without dF_F. For any dF_F without errors, I added \'93(0)\'94. Deleted any glitches without Q. For any Q without errors, I added \'93(0)\'94. For any MJD without errors, I added \'93(0)\'94. For any tau without errors, I added \'93(0)\'94.\
\
Columns:\
0 \'97 Pulsar name\
1 \'97 Pulsar J-name\
2 \'97 MJD of glitch and error in last digits in brackets (days)\
3 \'97 dF/F and error in last digits in brackets (units of 10^-9, \'91*\'92 if no value, \'91-\'92 if multiple components)\
4 \'97 dF1/F1 and error in last digits in brackets (units of 10^-3, \'91-\'92 if no value or if multiple components)\
5 \'97 Q and error in last digits in brackets (\'91-\'92 if no value)\
6 \'97 Glitch recovery timescale and error in last digits in brackets (\'91-\'92 if no value)\
7 \'97 References\
\
}